---
title: "compsigh 4th Congress"
authors: [
  { name: "Edward", avatar: "/avatars/edward.png" },
  { name: "Quinn", avatar: "/avatars/quinn.png" },
  { name: "Jet", avatar: "/avatars/jet.png" },
  { name: "Gursh", avatar: "/avatars/gursh.png" },
  { name: "Nish", avatar: "/avatars/nish.png" },
  { name: "Kiana", avatar: "/avatars/kiana.png" }
]
event_details: {
  hide_on_timeline: true,
  start: 1738971000,
  end: 1738976400,
  location: "The Hive"
}
---

## Agenda

- BLOOM pulse check
- compsigh night v2025.01.31 debrief
- Going into classes week two debrief
- Update from meeting with ACM & WiT re: BLOOM × Dons Hack
- Update from meeting with Chris re: department fund for the club
- framework check-in: does anything else need documenting?
- ACV collab check in
- Todos update: how is GitHub Issues/Projects going for us?
- Discussing Kiana on leadership

## Notes

- BLOOM on track, we did a lot this week
  - Poster campaign going well; gave artists deadline of Feb. 14th for posters, Feb. 21st for web platform
  - Announcements on Instagram, Discord, and department email slated for Monday Feb. 10th
  - Big todos: web platform, reaching out to other departments for promo, and basic logistics like judging
- Great second compsigh night last week, way more people
- Going into classes going great. We've walked into all the undergrad classes we wanted to, except for CS 112 Section 01. Gursh and Edward have that scheduled for Thursday morning. Jet brought up wanting to go into the grad classes too. We can schedule that as well.
- ACM/WiT meeting was fine; Jet working with Arya and Katherine on getting all leadership from all three clubs together. They've accepted our invite to come speak at the start of BLOOM day three to promote Dons Hack.
- Great news from meeting with Chris re: department fund for the club. If all goes well, donors will be able to donate to the university, noting "Computer Science department: compsigh" in the memo, and that goes into a pool dedicated to us. The process for spending would be similar to E&I: we spend our personal money, then regularly (probably also monthly) request reimbursements, which get processed within two weeks. Much less complex than setting up and maintaining an LLC, plus we get to keep tax deductability. Chris will talk to Jocelyn and get back to Edward; update next week.
- Things to add to framework: see [Todos](#todos) below
- ACV collab on track: Gursh on graphics, Edward & Nish × Hendrick & co. on logistics. We'll meet in the Hive for game night (Feb. 14th) and golf (TBD where, but Feb. 15th).
- GitHub Issues fine, Projects less useful. Both are...fine. Feels pretty dense and hard to pin what *really* needs to get done from the rest, but we could try fixing that with labels.
- Kiana on leadership! :)
  - Prefers leading outreach efforts
  - Is comfortable leading content, so long as the rest of the team supports her where needed (e.g. timely photos from Gursh) and it remains a real effort of the club

## Todos

*(Expect these in GitHub Issues)*

- Reach out to Jocelyn for BLOOM department email (Edward)
- Reach out to Ilce about a decorative frame for the BLOOM Instagram post (Edward)
- Continue BLOOM logistics & promo efforts (all)
- Compile and send out BLOOM promotional material to profs for dissemination (Edward)
- Getting the next few compsigh nights on the Discord Events tab & web platform (Edward & Nish 1:1 on Monday)
- Grad class walk-ins (schedule Jet and Gursh) (Edward)
- Add to framework:
  - Compiling expenses, submitting monthly budget requests, submitting monthly reimbursement requests (Edward)
  - Reaching out to profs for scheduling class walk-ins (Edward)
  - Making nice posters (Jet)
- Reaching out to other clubs for collabs (Kiana)
  - WiT/ACM collab in late April?
- Play around with labels on GitHub Issues (Edward / all)
- New channels in leadership (Edward / all)

## Next meeting agenda

- BLOOM pulse check
- compsigh night v2025.02.07 debrief
- ACV collab check in: are we ready?
- Going into classes week three debrief
- Update re: department fund for the club
- framework check-in: does anything else need documenting?
- GitHub Issues/Projects & general internal logistics check-in
