---
title: "compsigh 15th Congress"
authors: [
  { name: "Edward", avatar: "/avatars/edward.png" },
  { name: "Quinn", avatar: "/avatars/quinn.png" },
  { name: "Jet", avatar: "/avatars/jet.png" },
  { name: "Gursh", avatar: "/avatars/gursh.png" },
  { name: "Kiana", avatar: "/avatars/kiana.png" }
]
event_details: {
  hide_on_timeline: true,
  start: 1746225000, # 3:30pm
  end: 1746230400,   # 5:00pm
  location: "The Hive"
}
---

## Agenda

Status updates:

- Kiana: [BLOOM hoodies](https://github.com/compsigh/compsigh/issues/44)
- Kiana, Gursh, and Edward: [end of sem recap post](https://github.com/compsigh/compsigh/issues/68)
- Edward and Jet: [updates to framework](https://github.com/compsigh/compsigh/issues/28)

Review:

- [cascade](https://github.com/compsigh/compsigh/issues/46) debrief & learnings
  - Platform dev setups / what went wrong with `dev`
  - Execution of [riddles](https://github.com/compsigh/compsigh/issues/50)
- Going over ideas from the start of the semester to [revamp the Instagram](https://github.com/compsigh/compsigh/issues/12) — what did we get to do? What didn't we do? What can we take away from socials this sem?
- Triaging issues/ideas for Fall sem
  - ["Day in the life of a CS major" reel](https://github.com/compsigh/compsigh/issues/19)
  - [Collabing with other clubs](https://github.com/compsigh/compsigh/issues/29)
  - [Fall 2025 merch](https://github.com/compsigh/compsigh/issues/65)
- Doing a [rough sketch of Fall 2025 events](https://github.com/compsigh/compsigh/issues/67)
- DEPLOY/25 whiteboarding

Notes:

- BLOOM hoodies on the way
- We don't need to do a proper recap post; we can do it like last semester where we post photos of the last event
- No updates to framework yet, Jet and Edward swamped
- cascade riddles *must* be tested more rigorously
  - "Peer review" e.g. having one person write up the riddle, another must write up the solution
- `dev` was a good experiment, and it's good we had that safety net (ty Jet), but now we know: don't place such heavy bets (especially last-minute ones) when stability is a priority. We have basically every platform we need for events (or at least a foundation) built by Edward.
- Edward and Kiana will jam on a framework page for socials
- Content-y things will naturally be less of a priority in Fall, until leadership grows again
- Merch prolly not happening for the same reason as content
- Collabing with other clubs a priority. Potentially GDC for DEPLOY (hit up Alex)
- Big Fall event: DEPLOY/25. Stick to one weekend-long hackathon a semester. For Spring, game jam within the first month of school.
- We'll likely explore doing events not on Fridays 6pm again
- DEPLOY/25: November 8th–10th. Reach out to Sean and stakeholders asap. Other planning things to take place once it's clearer (1) whether we're collabing with GDC, and (2) what the team is looking like.
  - Worth trying to decouple `size of leadership` from `what the events we run are`. compsigh nights *must happen* (ideally Fridays at 6pm). Whether we do demos, technically speaking, etc. shouldn't depend on the size of leadership if possible. Remember that one of the goalposts for this semester was that regular events are "autonomous": Edward / the president of the club can be absent and everything run fine.

And that's a wrap :)
