---
title: "leadership meeting 2.0"
authors: [
  { name: "Edward", avatar: "/avatars/edward.png" },
  { name: "Quinn", avatar: "/avatars/quinn.png" },
  { name: "Jet", avatar: "/avatars/jet.png" },
  { name: "Gursh", avatar: "/avatars/gursh.png" },
  { name: "Nish", avatar: "/avatars/nish.png" },
  { name: "Thomas", avatar: "/avatars/thomas.png" }
]
event_details: {
  hide_on_timeline: true,
  start: 1737761400,
  end: 1737766800,
  location: "The Hive"
}
---

## Agenda

Reminder to prefer depth > breadth and not rush through items

- Revisiting gaps: phone numbers, email addresses, schedules
  - Everyone shares contact info
  - Calendar updates? (Jet, Quinn)
- *Full* runthrough of [framework](/docs/framework)
- Spring Involvement Fair check-in and tabling materials brainstorm
  - Posters?
- Scoping out the next couple compsigh nights (activities)
- cascade
  - Review changes from v2
  - Timeline expectations: *Who's working on what?* *When should we get together?* Ideally getting started on some of these things
- BLOOM
  - Update re: department blessing
  - Review todos and timeline expectations
- Next meeting date/time, ideally stable and reliable by now

## Notes

- Jet still shifting classes around; should be solidified by next meeting
- All good on sharing contact info in `#leadership`
- framework runthrough good
- Spring Involvement Fair
  - Jet will draft a new poster design
  - Quinn and Nish on candy
  - Good tablecloth
  - Demos of projects
- Next couple compsigh nights
  - 2025-01-31: Edward workshop
  - Bring back technically speaking?
  - Game night collab (ACV?)
  - Demos (Dave?)
- Reviewed [roadmap for cascade v3](https://github.com/compsigh/cascade/blob/main/ROADMAP.md)
- Edward and Gursh jamming on cascade, but probably later, BLOOM takes priority
- Next meeting: work sesh on BLOOM
- Next meeting: 2025-01-31 4â€“5pm

## Todos

### Spring Involvement Fair prep

- Jet: poster draft
- Quinn and Nish: candy
- Edward: tablecloth
- We decide what project(s) to demo at Spring Involvement Fair

### Next compsigh nights

- Edward preps workshop for compsigh night v2025.01.31
- More discussion on bringing back technically speaking
- Reach out to ACV re: game night collab

### Promo

- Reach out to professors for promoting compsigh nights in their classes
- Gursh: photos from compsigh night v2025.01.24
- Edward: compsigh night v2025.01.24 recap post on the web platform

### BLOOM

- Edward: poster drafts

## Next meeting outline

- Spring Involvement Fair debrief
- BLOOM work sesh
