---
title: "Spring 2025 leadership orientation"
authors: [
  { name: "Edward", avatar: "/avatars/edward.png" },
  { name: "Quinn", avatar: "/avatars/quinn.png" },
  { name: "Jet", avatar: "/avatars/jet.png" },
  { name: "Gursh", avatar: "/avatars/gursh.png" },
  { name: "Nish", avatar: "/avatars/nish.png" }
]
event_details: {
  hide_on_timeline: true,
  start: 1737403200,
  end: 1737406800,
  location: "The Hive"
}
---

## Agenda

- Addressing any gaps in onboarding: phone numbers, email addresses, schedules
- Revisiting areas of improvement noted during [last leadership meeting](/events/2024-12-05/semester-debrief)
- Going over [framework](/docs/framework)
- Deciding whether we're looking to continue expanding leadership this semester, given the gap that is Summer break
- Planning first compsigh night according to framework documentation
- Discussing opening up compsigh nights semi-privately to people our age in SF
- Introducing & scaffolding a timeline for the big events: cascade, BLOOM (we should *announce* both at first compsigh night)
- Planning for Spring Involvement Fair
- Running a pulse check on the club culture
- Inaugurating Nish
- Disassembling the Winter night tree

## Notes

- We're aligned on areas of improvement mentioned last meeting
  - Gursh committed to better photo & post turnaround time — within a week
  - Documentation around structure, processes, and events via `framework` looking good
  - Discussed the club culture and committed to making the space friendlier and more inclusive
  - Agreed we are still actively looking for leadership to join, are ready to onboard them immediately (so as to not wait until after Summer)
- Went around and each one of us shared our understanding of our own roles and responsibilities
  - Edward
    - Leadership transition, training Jet
    - Ensuring leadership has everything they need in succeeding in their roles: facilitating regular meetings, 1:1 check-ins, communicating with departments, and funding
    - Branding and direction, design-engineering for BLOOM
  - Jet
    - Leadership transition, shadowing Edward
    - Being more often the "face" of compsigh nights: 50/50 or even 60/40 with Edward whereas before more like 30/70
    - Will be more challenged by Edward to lead logistics efforts, particularly for the larger events
  - Quinn
    - "Ground team" lead: day-of efforts e.g. setup, teardown, do we have everything we need?
  - Gursh
    - Photo/video prod
    - Social media prod
    - Occasional design-engineering jamming with Edward (but photos and socials is primary objective)
  - Nish
    - Logistics for compsigh nights: e.g. *If we have a speaker/workshop, are they ready?* *Do we have food figured out?* Thinking at least a couple weeks ahead
- Nothing crazy for first compsigh night, chill social to get the vibes going. Expecting guests/friends from around the SF Gen Z eng community. Will poll members after for vibe check on continuing those invites
- cascade target evening: Friday March 21st
- BLOOM target weekend: February 28th – March 2nd; subject to change in collaboration with CS department
- Spring Involvement Fair: we (everyone on leadership who can make it) are tabling on day two, Thursday Jan. 30th 11:30am – 1pm

### Meeting

- We should allocate a minimum of 90 mins for the next meeting; an hour for an agenda that long felt rushed
  - Ofc we don't have to just sit there; if we finish early, great
- Prefer depth > breadth (most meetings will run like this anyway, orientation is a lot to get through)
  - That is, discuss less topics but at-length and work together at it, rather than go over a bunch of topics but with only a todo list to show for it

## Todos

### ASAP

- Gursh crafts IG post for first compsigh night
- Jet / Edward first compsigh night `#events` ping
- Edward gets our own speaker
- Edward meets with Chris & Jocelyn re: BLOOM
- Edward makes graphic for cascade changes and date announcement for compsigh night
- Edward coordinates 1:1 with everyone on next meeting time, announces in `#leadership` once finalized

### Before next meeting

- Edward and Gursh Figma new posters for Spring Involvement Fair. Bring old ones just in case
- Jet updates personal Google Calendar with Hive (work) hours and with finalized class schedule
- Quinn updates Google Calendar with TA and tutoring hours
- Whole team sends contact info as pinned messages in `#leadership`
- Edward creates `Inventory` page of what we have in storage
- Jet and others find a storage space for the tree (Edward can't keep it at his place for long)

## Next meeting outline

- First compsigh night debrief
- (Depending on when we have the meeting) Spring Involvement Fair [last-minute pulse check | debrief]
- *Full* runthrough of `framework`
- cascade (and hopefully BLOOM) timeline expectations: *Who's working on what?* *When should we get together?* Ideally getting started on some of these things
- Time permitting, going over ideas mentioned in [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/compsigh/web/issues)
- Next meeting date/time, ideally stable and reliable by now
